hey what's up guys it should grow cachet
chanel and Happy Thanksgiving
happy holidays now you know this is the
biggest eatin holiday of the year so you
go could not leave you hanging so to
show my gratitude I'm serving up my
favorite Thanksgiving dish my baked
macaroni and cheese which is guaranteed
to plea now if you come over here with
me I already have a pound of cooked
rigatoni I know I said it to my camera
and cheese I know but I use rigatoni
noodles and I'll explain to you why when
I get there okay I have a pound of
rigatoni noodles that I put 1 stick of
melted butter on top already I'm simply
going to add my cheese blend which
consists of 2 cups of sharp cheese 1 cup
of mild cheddar
I'm already cubed 1 cup of they'll be -
cheddar already cubed and 1 cup of
Monterey Jack so I'm going to pour it
over my rigatoni noodles just put
everybody in the pool ok I have 4 large
eggs that I'm going to pour in here
I'm going to take 12 ounces of
evaporated milk one can pour it in there
okay a teaspoon of Dijon mustard all
right and I have a spice blend that I
use which consists of 2 teaspoons of
salt 1 teaspoon of seasoned salt 1
teaspoon of pepper 1 teaspoon of accents
and a teaspoon of sugar okay cuz you it
has to have flavor so one thing I hate
is bland macaroni and cheese all righty
now I have 2 cups of milk
now the reason I'm adding two more cups
in addition to the 12 ounces of
evaporated is because you don't want
your big macaroni cheese to be dry okay
get my spoon we're going to mix it mix
it up now the reason we use the rigatoni
though this is like a family thing
actually so shout out to all my family
I'm Misha I love you I'm so sorry I
can't be in Atlanta
um huge shout out to my grandma right
now this is the first recipe she
actually taught me so we're going to mix
it till it's nice and creamy and all the
ingredients are well incorporated now
getting back to the rigatoni noodles you
see these chunks of cheese right here
what happens when this bakes is that
they baked into the rigatoni noodles
right a little family sticking all right
so I'm going to add about a quarter cup
of chicken stock again it's about flavor
you don't want flavorless baked macaroni
and cheese you want it to be gooey gooey
cheesy creamy and pasty and trust me
this is going to be one tasty baked
macaroni cheese okay step once the
ingredients are well incorporated I'm
going to go ahead and get my casserole
dish I have a casserole dish right here
I've already buttered it so it's ready
to go I have my oven on 350 degrees
ready to go and I'm going to pour it
into the casserole dish
yeah and you know what guys I want a
little bit more yeah I know you like
cash while the milk but trust me trust
me your macaroni and cheese will not be
dry all right so once that's done I have
a half about I'll say half a stick about
a four tablespoons just place the plane
top of the casserole
okay baked macaroni and cheese this is
the time to celebrate so we're going to
go ahead and indulge right this is
guaranteed to have your guests leave
envy and thank you for something rest
assured
all right back and I have a cup a half a
cup flashes is about cup of sharp
cheddar cheese and I'm just going to
sprinkle on the top
you know over there all right we're
going to place this in our oven again
it's 350 degrees for one hour okay now
you want to cook this on a baking sheet
because you don't want to spill it over
messing up your oven so I'm going to go
ahead and get it in the oven but while I
do that I just want to say thank you so
much for watching thank you so much for
supporting me and you know thanks again
for watching have a good day enjoy your
family enjoy your friends once again
Happy Thanksgiving I'm your girl cachet
Chanel my fake macaroni and cheese love
piece of cooking grease bye guys